The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Chicago Bulls, 118-103, at Spectrum Center on Tuesday evening. The Hornets (28-33) have been seemingly honed in on their postseason aspirations since resuming play after the All-Star break, as they'd rattled off victories in all three subsequent contests-- and four consecutive overall-- coming into Tuesday's game. The outlook for the Bulls (20-41) was the opposite, as they'd dropped eight of their previous 10 contests, including 23 of their 30 road tilts. However, it was Chicago that came out of the gates hot, as they took a 29-26 first-quarter lead. The teams were knotted at 51at the half, but that's when Charlotte's superior talent took over. They compiled 36 points in the third and followed up with 31 in the final period, leading to a comfortable victory. Both teams shot particularly well, with the hosts edging the visitors in that category 54 percent to 48 percent. In all, six Bulls players hit double digits in the scoring column, but none compiled more than Zach LaVine's 21 points, which he complemented with four rebounds and four assists. Denzel Valentine followed LaVine with 14 points, a total he supplemented with six rebounds, four assists and one steal. Cristiano Felicio provided 12 points, six boards, four assists and one steal. Bobby Portis matched his scoring total to lead the bench and also hauled in 10 rebounds, dished out one assist and recorded one steal. Lauri Markkanen and David Nwaba posted matching 11-point efforts, with the former supplying seven boards, one assist and two steals, and the latter generating six rebounds, two assists, three steals and one block. Kris Dunn registered 10 points, three assists, two rebounds and two blocks. Kemba Walker turned in 31 points, five assists, two rebounds and three steals. Dwight Howard finished with 24 points, six rebounds, one assist and five steals. Jeremy Lamb accounted for a bench-leading 15 points and complemented them with five assists and one rebound. Marvin Williams totaled 14 points, five rebounds, one assist and one block. Frank Kaminsky was productive off the bench as well with 11 points, two rebounds and one block. Michael Kidd-Gilchrist was forced from the game after six minutes with a hamstring injury and was unable to return. The Bulls head back home to tangle with the Dallas Mavericks on Friday night, while the Hornets hit the road to face off with the Boston Celtics on Wednesday evening.