The Boston Celtics defeated the Atlanta Hawks, 119-110, at TD Garden on Friday evening. The Celtics (38-15) came into Friday's contest looking to continue putting some distance between themselves and the Toronto Raptors for the top spot in the Eastern Conference. They were certainly primed to do so on paper, considering the Hawks (15-37) walked into Boston's home court with the poorest record in the NBA. However, in a testament to why the games are played on the hardwood and not the stat sheet, Atlanta jumped out to a surprising 32-26 first-quarter lead. The home squad began to rectify matters in the second period, cutting their deficit to a very manageable 55-53 by intermission. It was the third quarter that made all the difference, however, as the hosts established their superiority with a 41-point outburst while limiting the visitors to a modest 20. That gave the Celtics a comfortable 94-75 advantage going into the final 12 minutes, and the cushion would turn out to be all they needed to secure their 20th home victory of the campaign. Boston's biggest advantage came from the field, as they shot an impressive 51 percent, including 46 percent from distance. Taurean Prince led the way for the Hawks with 31 points, a total he supplemented with eight boards, two assists and three steals. Dennis Schroder tallied 25 points, three rebounds and one assist. Marco Belinelli poured in a bench-leading 15 points and added two assists. Kent Bazemore posted 11 points, five rebounds, four assists, one steal and one block. Dewayne Dedmon produced nine points, seven rebounds, one assist and one steal. Ersan Ilyasova mustered a modest seven points, four boards and one block. Terry Rozier logged a second consecutive start for Kyrie Irving (quad) and managed a team-leading 31 points. He added seven boards, two assists and two steals. Jayson Tatum pitched in 27 points, four boards, three assists and four steals. Jaylen Brown supplied 19 points, four assists and three rebounds. Al Horford managed 17 points, seven assists, six rebounds, one steal and one block. Aron Baynes tallied 11 points, eight boards and five assists. The Hawks remain in the Northeast and head to the Big Apple, where they'll face off with the New York Knicks on Sunday afternoon. The Celtics remain home and will try to extend their winning streak to four games against the Portland Trail Blazers in a Sunday matinee as well.