The Boston Celtics defeated the Charlotte Hornets, 134-106, at TD Garden on Wednesday evening. The Celtics (44-19) have been playing with a renewed sense of purpose coming out of the All-Star break, as they'd notched three straight wins in an attempt to recapture the top spot in the Eastern Conference from the Toronto Raptors. Typically renowned for some stingy defense, Boston had turned up the heat on offense a notch or two over that span, averaging 113 points. However, their performance Wednesday was on another level altogether, as they put together a 67-point first half. The Hornets (28-34) didn't exactly lay down, though, compiling 59 points of their own to remain within striking distance. The home squad then came out of intermission firing on all cylinders, as they racked up 36 more points during the third quarter while limiting Charlotte to 20. That provided more than enough cushion to put it into cruise control in the final period, leading to the 28-point win. Both teams were impressively careful with the ball while committing just seven turnovers apiece, but the home squad's 47-33 rebounding advantage and 62 percent-46 percent shooting edge were both instrumental. The Hornets were led by Kemba Walker, who tallied 23 points and added five assists. Dwight Howard, playing through a rib injury, followed with 21 points but turned in an unusually scant three rebounds. He also recorded one steal and one block. Frank Kaminsky provided a bench-leading 16 points and complemented them with three boards and two assists. Michael Carter-Williams supplied an efficient 14 points, two rebounds, two assists, three blocks and one steal in 19 minutes. Jeremy Lamb went for 10 points, two boards and one block. Nicolas Batum mustered a modest seven points but also dished out 10 assists, recorded a pair of steals and managed one block. Marvin Williams generated just four points but did add nine rebounds and two assists. Kyrie Irving paced the Celtics with 34 points on 13-for-18 shooting and also pitched in five assists, four rebounds and one steal. Jaylen Brown and Marcus Morris produced 15-point efforts, with Brown adding five rebounds, four assists and one steal, and Morris registering eight boards and two assists in addition to his point tally. Greg Monroe and Terry Rozier followed with 14 points apiece. The former also collected four rebounds, two assists and one block, and the latter posted three assists and two rebounds. Aron Baynes contributed a 12-point, 10-rebound double-double that also included three assists and two blocks. Marcus Smart delivered a full line of 10 points, six assists, two rebounds and one steal. Jayson Tatum continued a recent downturn with only seven points and three boards. The Hornets remain in the Northeast and next head to Philadelphia for a Friday night date with the 76ers. Meawhile the Celtics pay a visit to the Houston Rockets for a Saturday night showdown.