The Boston Celtics defeated the Brooklyn Nets, 87-85, at Barclays Center on Saturday evening. The Celtics (33-10) came into what figured to be fairly challenging road matchup riding a hot streak, as they'd secured victories in five straight games. They were facing a similarly surging squad in the Nets (15-24) , which had notched wins in three of the previous four contests and had been able to forge a respectable 9-9 record at home. Brooklyn got off on the right foot as well, as they jumped out to a 22-16 edge after one quarter. They eventually lost that lead and entered the fourth period with a slim 64-61 deficit. However, they hung tough throughout the final quarter, even managing multiple ties and one-point advantages. They appeared to have a clear-cut shot to force overtime at a minimum after Joe Harris ' basket with 36 seconds remaining left them trailing by just an 87-85 margin. That's when Boston's renowned defense clamped down, as Spencer Dinwiddie, Harris and Rondae Hollis-Jefferson all missed opportunities to knot the game up and send it to the extra period. As the final score implied, both offenses struggled to garner much consistency, as each team posted sub-40 percent success rates from the field. Additionally, despite the loss, the home squad handily won the rebounding battle by a 55-43 margin. Kyrie Irving led the way for the Celtics with 21 points, which he supplemented with six rebounds, four assists and one block. Jayson Tatum totaled 14 points, six rebounds, three steals and an impressive six blocks. Marcus Smart followed with a bench-leading 11 points and added three rebounds, three assists, three steals and one block. Aron Baynes drew the start with Al Horford (knee) sidelined and contributed 10 points, six boards, one assist and one block. Marcus Morris was also in the starting five after resting in Boston's last contest and posted eight points, four rebounds, one assist and one block. Daniel Theis was productive off the bench with eight points, 10 rebounds, two blocks and one steal. Spencer Dinwiddie paced the Nets with 20 points, three rebounds, three assists and one steal. Jahlil Okafor continued to work his way into Brooklyn's rotation and led the bench with 12 points, five rebounds and two blocks. DeMarre Carroll registered 10 points, seven rebounds, one assist and one block. Harris poured in 10 points and also brought in 12 rebounds, dished out two assists and recorded one block. Allen Crabbe produced nine points, five boards and one assist, while Hollis-Jefferson pitched in eight points, seven rebounds, one assist and one block. The Celtics are now off until Thursday afternoon, when they'll take on the Philadelphia 76ers at home. The Nets remain home and await a visit from the Toronto Raptors on Monday night.