The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves, 105-100, at Philips Arena on Monday night. The Hawks (15-35) came into Monday's contest as the clear-cut underdogs, a designation underscored by the fact they'd lost four of their previous six games. The one reason for optimism was the fact that 10 of Atlanta's 14 wins prior to Monday's contest had come on their home floor, while the Timberwolves (32-21) had a sub -.500 mark (12-14) away from Target Center. However, the visitors looked the sharpest in the first quarter, jumping out to a 32-27 lead. The hosts kept coming in the second, though, slicing Minnesota's advantage to 58-55 by intermission. With both clubs matching each other point for point in the third, the stage was set for a tightly contested final 12 minutes. Following a Jamal Crawford 25-foot three-pointer that opened the scoring for either club in the fourth period at the 10:40 mark, the Hawks went to work and outscored the Timberwolves by a 29-18 margin the rest of the way. The game wasn't decided until the closing seconds, however, with Atlanta scoring the final four points over the last 11 seconds on Dennis Schroder free throws. Jimmy Butler led the way with the Timberwolves with 24 points, seven rebounds, three assists, one steal and one block. Andrew Wiggins managed 18 points, three rebounds, three assists, two steals and one block. Taj Gibson turned in 17 points, four boards, two assists, four steals and one block. Karl-Anthony Towns provided a 15-point, 13-rebound double-double that also included three assists, two steals and one block. Gorgui Dieng led the bench with 11 points and added a trio of boards. Crawford accounted for 10 points, two rebounds, one assist and one steal. Jeff Teague mustered just two points on 1-for-12 shooting but dished out 10 assists, recorded four steals and posted one block. Kent Bazemore paced the Hawks with 22 points, four rebounds, four assists, two blocks and one steal. Schroder followed with an 18-point, 11-assist double-double that also included two rebounds, two steals and one block. Ersan Ilyasova registered 10 points, four rebounds, three steals and two blocks. Dewayne Dedmon matched Ilysaova's scoring total to lead the second unit and also tallied six boards and two assists. Miles Plumlee pitched in six points, six rebounds, one steal and one block, while John Collins went for eight points and 11 rebounds off the bench. Taurean Prince endured a 1-for-10 shooting effort while generating just three points along with four rebounds and one assist in 25 minutes. The Timberwolves remain on the road and head north of the border to battle the Toronto Raptors on Tuesday night, while the Hawks remain home and await a Wednesday evening visit from the Charlotte Hornets.