The Washington Wizards defeated the Los Angeles Lakers, 111-95, at Capital One Arena on Thursday evening. Both teams came out with the hot hand, as evidenced by the 37-34 score in favor of the Wizards (6-5) at the end of the first quarter. However, Washington used a strong second period to create some distance from the Lakers (5-7) , who may have been feeling some of the effects of an East Coast back-to-back set. The home squad was able to keep Los Angeles at bay throughout the second half, utilizing some aggressive defense that led to a total of 19 turnovers on the part of the visitors, along with a pedestrian 36 percent success rate from the field (including 13 percent from three-point range) . The Lakers were able to get seven players into double figures in the scoring column, but none tallied more than 15 points. Brook Lopez and Jordan Clarkson both produced that total from the starting five and bench, respectively. Lopez added four rebounds, two blocks and one steal, while Clarkson supplied two rebounds. Kyle Kuzma and Kentavious Caldwell-Pope produced matching 13-point tallies, with the former adding nine rebounds and one assist and the latter registering four rebounds, three assists and three steals. Julius Randle turned in a near double-double off the bench with 11 points, nine rebounds, one assist and one steal. Brandon Ingram contributed 10 points, four rebounds and one assist. Lonzo Ball matched his point total but his shooting woes continued, as he drained only three of 12 from the field. He did add eight rebounds, eight assists and two steals. John Wall paced the Wizards with 23 points, eight rebounds, five assists, three blocks and two steals. Backcourt mate Bradley Beal followed closely behind with 22 points, five rebounds, five assists and one steal. Otto Porter, Jr. turned in a 20-point, 11-rebound double-double that also included two assists and one steal. Markieff Morris compiled 16 points, five rebounds and one assist over 17 minutes in his best outing of the season. Marcin Gortat managed eight points, five rebounds and one assist. The Lakers continue on to Milwaukee to face the Bucks on Saturday night, while the Wizards remain home and take on the Atlanta Hawks on Saturday evening as well.